- Oh, whoa.
- I was missing my whole lip,
from the middle to the edge.
It's really hard.
It's like, I don't want to look
like this the rest of my life.
I don't.
- We have a gift for you guys.
Isn't that great?
- Hold on, can I see it
for a minute?
Here we go.
- Oh, my god.
- Is it weird that I think
my wife's breasts
look good on Dr. Dubrow?
- This is clearly fatty tissue.
I've never seen this.
- I don't want to be teased
or talked about,
or the butt
of anybody's jokes.
The butt.
- ♪ I wanna be sexy ♪
♪ I wanna be hot ♪
♪ Fix me,
make me beautiful ♪
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- My name is Allegra.
I'm 47 years old,
and my boobs are bipolar.
I've got the good girl,
and then the diva who doesn't
want to do a damn thing.
I naturally have
a dual-sided personality.
I am a sensual woman,
and I just love
the extreme aesthetic.
But I'm also a prodigy
on the piano.
And when I was
about 6 years old,
I started studying
at Brigham Young University
with a professor there.
My life has always been
a dichotomy.
I'm the freak of nature,
willing to try anything,
but I'm also a wife
and a mother and a homemaker,
and I love my family.
My husband now, Dyson,
always fantasized
about having a wife
who had huge breasts.
He loved Pamela Anderson,
had a huge crush on her.
So at the age of 33,
I got my first breast implants,
and they were 800 cc.
People would notice,
"Oh, you have nice breasts.
They're full, they're lovely."
But I was getting
that boob greed a little bit.
Wanted to be fuller, bigger.
And I found a website where it
would bring men that wanted
to financially support women
that wanted implants.
And they would buy picture sets,
request certain things
for a certain dollar amount.
And the site would cut
the check to the doctor,
and you would just go
and get implants.
The doctor said he would
comfortably put in 1,700.
When I got the second surgery
and I woke up from that,
I felt like an elephant
was on my chest.
And I--I'm getting giddy
talking about it now.
I loved it, but it still wasn't
as big as I wanted to be.
So I found out about a doctor
that did tissue expanders,
where I could expand with saline
and grow my implants.
I love being in control,
and I love being in control
of my own breast size.
I was able to double the size
to 4,000 cc
in about five months.
I am at 4,600 cc.
I definitely use the gym
to strengthen my back
and keep my core strong
so that I can
hold these girls up.
I actually have 20-plus pounds
of weight vest on,
but it's the cutest weight vest
you've ever worn, I promise.
After the expanders
were put in,
I did notice that my left side
sat a little bit higher
and was firmer.
The more that I increased
the size,
the more it became apparent.
So what I would love
for the doctors
to be able to do
is fix the asymmetry.
I'll be the poster child
of extreme surgery,
but still wear it well.
And that has been my whole
mission all along anyway.
- Come in, my brother.
- Whoa.
- It's been four months
since I showed Terry my space.
And at that time, we were just
in the middle of construction.
Now I want to show him
where we're at,
plus I want to make him
a little jealous.
- Wow, this is nice.
- Then, of course, look at that.
- Wow, "Nassifmd."
Is Dr. "Nassifmd" here?
By the way,
how big of a pain is he?
Huge, right?
Scale of one to ten?
Nine?
She said yes.
- Now look at this, LED bed.
- Whoa.
- Boom!
- Paul flips a switch,
and it's like
the Pink Light District.
I only call it that
because Red Light would imply
that people would actually pay
to have sex with him.
- This releases nitric oxide.
- Yeah, increase oxygen flow
to your tissues.
- And also to your
zebit, especially.
- Oh, is that
why you bought this?
You don't want to lay
in there for a few minutes
before you go out tonight?
Wow, it's beautiful.
It's like someone's home.
- Then here is where
the magic happens.
- Wow!
Quite a difference.
This is comfortable, huh?
- No.
I'll bet you Paul's luck
with women
would improve significantly
if he just sold his house
and moved into his office.
It's like the ultimate
surgical bachelor pad.
This is the nicest
I've ever seen.
You did a great job.
Way to go, huh?
Way to go.
- My name is Karissa.
I'm 25 years old.
And a dog ate a lot more
than just my homework.
I come from a three-mile town,
Bayonne, New Jersey.
I went to an all-girls
Catholic high school.
I would always talk so much,
that I'd get in trouble.
Other than that,
I was a good student.
I got pretty good grades.
You could say
I was life of the party.
I'm not trying to brag,
but I'd light up the room.
I'd literally
make everyone laugh.
And then a year ago,
my life changed completely
for the worst.
We went to a friend's house,
and we started
playing card games,
just hanging out.
I was playing with the dog.
Sitting on the floor,
I was about to pick up my phone.
And the last thing I remember
is my friend running up to me
with a towel,
holding it on my face,
and then everyone was just
going in a panic.
And I looked down,
and I was drenched in maroon.
It all blacked out.
Then I remember waking up
in the ER.
I felt my face really heavy,
and I'm like,
something's not right.
And they were like,
"You're not allowed
to go to the bathroom."
And I'm like,
I'm 25 years old.
If I have to get up
to go to the bathroom,
I'm going to the bathroom.
I was washing my hands.
I look up.
I'm covered from here to here,
just all white.
I unraveled it,
and guess what I saw.
I was missing my whole lip
from the middle to the end.
I just broke down.
I sat on the floor,
and I just cried.
I just couldn't believe what--
I still didn't know
what was happening.
I thought I was in a dream.
I remember my mom and my dad
coming in.
They opened the curtain.
My dad started crying.
He's like, "I can't do this."
I just remember
the nurse saying,
"All right, we're gonna prep you
for surgery; let's go."
Later on when I woke up,
I found out they were
trying to reattach
the piece of the lip
that was taken off,
but the skin was so damaged
that they couldn't reconnect it.
So that's when he decided
to curve my bottom lip
up to my upper lip.
Six months later,
I had my second surgery.
I looked in the mirror,
and I looked the same to me.
Everyone saw a difference,
but I didn't.
I don't care
what other people see.
I need to see it.
So when I went to my surgeon,
I told him, I was like,
"I really want to be able
to open my mouth."
And he's like, "I don't feel
like it'll be able to open
any more than it already is."
That's when I started Googling
top plastic surgeons.
I clicked Dr. Nassif's name,
and I see a little clip
regarding why he went
into plastic surgery,
than when he was in residency,
a 6-year-old boy came in
with multiple dog bites,
and that's what made him really
want to go into plastic surgery.
And I was like, wow,
if anyone really could help me
and would want to help me,
I feel like it would be
Dr. Nassif.
- At least you're
coming out to eat.
- Like I frigging need to.
I'd rather actually pet a dog
than eat at a restaurant,
to be honest with you.
I don't like being stared at.
What are you
gonna get to eat?
- A burger,
we're at a burger spot.
I'll cut it up for you
if you need me to cut it up.
To eat a burger,
you have to actually
pick it up and bite into it.
And in my case, anything that
requires me to open my mouth,
I honestly can't.
All my foods that I love
to eat, I have to cut.
So when I'm sitting there
cutting it,
I just feel like everyone
is staring at me.
I feel like it was
just yesterday.
- Yeah.
- In the beginning,
when it first happened,
I really didn't think you were
gonna leave the house at all.
- I didn't plan on it.
- Well, you used to be all about
make-up and doing your hair.
- I used to; now I just
work a bun like this.
I don't care anymore.
If Dr. Nassif could help me,
I want to be able
to eat normal.
to wear lipstick.
It's probably gonna sound crazy,
but the main thing
I really want to do
is take a nice bite
out of a juicy hamburger.
And if I can wear lipstick
doing it,
that would make it even better.
- What if they say that they
can't do anything?
- I'll be devastated,
are you kidding me?
- What kind of a structure
is that?
Can it be moved?
- To be honest with you,
I've never seen that either.
If there was ever a case
that needed our attention,
this is the one.
- These are heavy.
- Oh, my god,
my boobs are huge.
- Wow, I can hear
the ocean in here.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- My name is Sharon.
I'm from Jesup, Georgia.
I was born with a tumor
on my lower back.
Doctors then explained
that I had spina bifida.
They removed the tumor,
and as a result of the surgery,
my backside,
it started to grow up.
I always knew there was
a difference in my backside,
because I have an older sister,
so I could see
what hers looked like,
and I knew mine
didn't look like that.
Seeing my sister be able
to wear certain outfits
that I couldn't wear,
it just made me feel
like I didn't fit in.
And I'm from the South.
I like the Southern
big butt look.
My family in general
didn't talk about it,
because if it's talked about,
then it would be out there
that you're different.
I started to wear bigger shirts
and bigger pants.
I remember there was
a pool party
that I was invited to,
and I wanted to go,
but I was fearful.
I may be exposed
and have to answer questions
about, "What's that?"
and, "Why does it look
like that?"
So I said, no,
that I couldn't go.
It's a fear of mine
for people
to think I'm different.
I don't want to be teased
or talked about
or the butt of anybody's joke.
The butt.
I feel like I've been
carrying this burden by myself,
because most people,
they have situations
they can talk to someone about
that understands,
but I don't have anybody
to talk to.
I don't know anybody else with
my condition or my situation.
It's sad.
Being intimate
has been difficult.
I had certain positions
I would lay in.
I wouldn't let him touch me
a certain type of way.
I don't want to look this way.
So why should somebody
want to be with somebody
that looks that way?
I am so sick and tired of it.
I'm ready to get it
out my life,
and I'm ready.
- So our first patient this
morning has a dog bite injury
to the upper lip.
So let's go look
at some photos.
- Cute girl.
- So here she is pre-.
- Oh, whoa.
- Okay, so she had
an Abbe flap.
- That's a big chunk
taken out, wow.
- Almost half
of the whole upper lip gone.
- Important anatomic features
have been removed.
- Can you please
send in Karissa?
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi, Karissa, Terry Dubrow,
pleasure to meet you.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Hi, I'm Lanie, I'm the friend.
- Yeah.
- I'm a good friend.
- Good friend.
- Over the past year,
I've watched Karissa
go through ups and downs.
If Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow
could fix her,
she's gonna be back
to where she left off.
- Can you tell us a little bit
about what happened?
- A year ago this month,
I went to my friend's house.
We were playing with the dog,
hanging out.
- It was a mixed dog.
I don't know if it was--
- We don't really know.
- Yeah, she was
actually with me.
- Yes.
- I just remember picking up
something from the floor,
and then I remember
just being in the ER.
- Yeah.
- I don't remember anything.
- Yeah, I was in the bathroom
when the bite
actually happened.
So I go out there,
and my friend's face is missing.
So I started flipping out,
like, "Call 911."
Ambulance came, they gave me
the part of her face,
put it on ice
in the ambulance.
- She didn't pass out,
but she was in shock.
- It's not uncommon
for a patient to black out
during a traumatic incident.
It's kind of the brain's way
of protecting itself.
- So then at that point,
you went to the emergency room.
And did they take
the piece of lip?
- Yeah, I gave it
to a nurse.
- And what happened,
did they try to put that back?
- They had it on ice, and
a surgeon tried to replace it,
but there was so much
tissue damage and nerve damage
that he couldn't connect it.
- So he tried putting
the piece together.
- Yeah, it was dead tissue.
- So you know
he put a flap here.
- Yeah.
- So what they did was,
they took a piece
of your lower lip
and kind of rolled it up
to fill that defect.
Before doing an aggressive
procedure like that,
we would have maybe just
put the tissue together
and see how it heals,
because it does shorten,
obviously,
the sides of your mouth.
- Yeah.
- That's really a shame.
There's a good chance
that Karissa's mouth
could have looked a lot better
if the doctors used
original tissue.
- She goes to doctors
all the time,
and they can't do anything.
- Is that what you've
been told?
- You'se are literally
the last two for her.
- It's just really hard.
It's like...
I don't want to look like this
the rest of my life, I don't.
I can't really even begin
to express how I feel,
because it's just been
a very long journey for me.
- I think the next thing
that we need to do
is go straight
to the exam room.
- Okay.
- At this point,
I really don't know
if I'm gonna be able
to help Karissa.
I just hope that her doctor
has done irreversible damage.
- Show me your teeth.
- Okay, I'm gonna do something.
So this is sharp.
- Yes.
- Okay, and this is dull.
Close your eyes.
Tell me if this
is sharp or dull.
- Sharp, sharp, sharp.
Dull, dull.
- That's good.
- Yeah, that means that your
sensation of the nerve is good.
Obviously, that tissue is gone.
And the best way to do things
is to take tissue from
another area and move it over.
And there's different ways
to do that.
The simpler thing
to do first is,
we make a cut
along where that tissue is,
and we lift it up
and go into your mouth.
And we try to see if we
can pull it out a good amount.
- Mm-hmm.
- The first option,
which is a little bit easier,
is a commissuroplasty,
where you're actually
removing scar tissue
and using the tissue
inside the mouth
to help advance the end
of the lip a little bit more.
If this doesn't work,
a second possibility would be
to do something
called the superior-based
nasal-labial flap.
In other words,
we take tissue from here,
lift it up,
and insert it into that area.
That's something that
is a little bit more aggressive,
but that is a possibility.
You know,
if we're gonna do this,
I have to think about it.
So I'm not gonna give you
a definitive answer right now
whether we do the simpler one
versus just go
for the big procedure.
- This is the reason you come
to people like us,
is because we're gonna
figure it out exhaustively
before we subject you
to a procedure
that's a definitive procedure.
Do you want to go for this?
- Yes, I do.
I put my trust in both of you.
Knowing that this man
could give my life back
is the best thing
I could ever think of.
- I'm on board
if you're on board.
- I'm on board.
Dr. Nassif's gonna make me
myself again.
This Jersey girl is happy.
- Pleasure meeting you.
- See you soon, thank you.
- When did you first hear
about this?
- Today.
- You just broke it
to your best friend today?
Let me show you.
Hello.
- Those are bigger
than basketballs.
No wonder her skin
is about to die.
Jesus.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- I'm ready.
- Ready to see
the Hollywood Hills?
- I like to think of them
as my Golden Globes.
- Let's commemorate
this moment in time forever.
God, those are beautiful.
They are so--I mean, thank you.
I'm really excited
to see the doctors,
and I wanted to cast my breasts
and take it to them.
So I'm sure
they're gonna love it.
Guess I can help you
cut the strips.
- I'm sorry, I'm not hearing
anything you're saying
right now.
- I'm not really even listening
to what I'm reading.
So it's fine.
I'm just enjoying this moment.
- Doing the cast is really fun,
because I get to massage my
wife's breasts for 30 minutes.
So it's a win-win.
Amazing.
- Yeah, I'm glad you like this.
I thought you would.
- This is art work.
- Well, that's kind of
how I look at it.
It may not be everybody's
type of art,
but you appreciate it
as much as I do, if not more.
- No complaints here.
Now these got to go in
through the cleavage.
- Mm-hmm, the chasm.
- The pit of despair.
No, absolutely--
- Yeah, I was gonna say,
I don't know
if it's the pit of despair.
- I think it's...
- The Pearly Gates.
- I love showcasing her.
If you have a nice Bentley,
you want to take it out,
you want to show it off,
you want people to admire it,
because that's what beautiful
things are created for.
- Oh, my god.
Even these are heavy.
- Those suckers are huge.
Oh, my god, my boobs are huge.
Look at you.
- Wow, I can hear
the ocean in here.
My wife's breasts
are bigger than my head,
and I have a big head,
a huge head, okay?
It just makes me so proud,
in the weirdest,
strangest way possible.
This actually makes them
look pretty...
- Yeah.
- I would love for the doctors
to be able
to fix the asymmetry.
It really doesn't matter
which one is which.
If I could get
the easy-going girl
to be lifted up
a little bit more
or the diva
to just settle down
into her little space
and be happy,
it would really help me know
that I've refined my breasts
as much as I possibly could.
This one is more of a football,
and this one's
more basketball.
- Yeah, exactly,
both your favorite sports.
- My two favorite sports, yeah.
- Memory made.
Let's go see
what the docs can do.
- Our next patient is Sharon.
And she was born
with spina bifida.
She doesn't look like someone
who has spina bifida.
She's walking around
on two legs.
Patients with spina bifida
have an incomplete development
of the spinal cord.
Have an often
incomplete development
of their lower extremities
and end up in wheelchairs
and unable to walk.
It left her with a very unusual
cosmetic development.
What are you looking at?
What kind of a structure
is that?
Can it be moved?
- Why don't you have Sharon
come in?
- Can you please
send in Sharon?
- Sharon.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- You too.
- It's Laquoshia.
- Laquoshia, Dr. Nassif.
- Hi, Laquoshia,
Terry Dubrow.
Nice to meet you,
please have a seat.
- Best friends.
- Since second grade.
= Oh, a long time.
Longer than us.
- Yeah, we didn't know
each other that long.
- No.
- Long time.
- Still don't like him.
- I'm here today because I've
waited 36 years
to see if it was possible
to correct the deformity
that I have.
I want to be in the mirror,
looking at my bikini bottom,
saying, "Mm-hmm."
- Obviously what we're
focused on today
is that area
of the upper buttock.
You've only had
one operation, right?
- Mm-hmm, yes.
- As a baby.
- So what was found
at the operation?
- I was actually born
with a tumor
in the lower part of my back.
- Right.
You had that spina bifida
cyst structure
that they operated on.
They called it a tumor,
though, huh?
- Yeah, that's what I was
always told it was.
I actually contracted
staph infection,
so I was in the hospital
from January, when I was born,
until March.
- I wonder if that contributed
to this fullness?
- That's a good question.
Okay, so physically,
does it limit--
Can you lay back normally?
- If I sit back, like, now,
because it's there,
I can't sit flat,
so I kind of arch.
Because of my job,
I have to sit down for 12 hours,
so it gets uncomfortable.
I have to lean up.
- I'm a 911 dispatcher.
- Yeah, so your job
is to remain calm.
You're calm,
I can tell you that.
- Yeah, she's calm.
- Nothing seems to faze Sharon,
not even the sight of Paul.
You guys have talked
about this before, right?
- No.
- You've never--
have you ever seen it?
- No.
- Best friend
since second grade,
she didn't know about this?
How did you hide it from her?
- I got good at hiding it.
- When did you first
hear about this?
- Today.
- You just broke it
to your best friend
since second grade today?
- When Sharon told me
she was going
to see two doctors
in California,
the first thing I thought,
"Hey, we're going
to California."
- How much
does this bother you?
You're so stoic,
it doesn't seem
like it bothers you that much.
- I'm used to it,
but it still--
I see certain outfits
that I want to wear.
I can't wear it.
About to cry.
- That explains it.
I wasn't at her wedding...
♪ ♪
I wasn't at her wedding
because of it.
- The bridesmaid dresses, right.
So what did you tell her
was the reason you
couldn't be in the wedding?
- I told her
that I didn't have the money.
Laquoshia's wedding represented
a big part of her life,
and I couldn't experience it
the way she wanted me to,
because I was ashamed,
and I just didn't know how
to tell her exactly
why I couldn't be
in her wedding.
- I find excitement in this,
to give a person, potentially,
the opportunity
to go from this place
in their life
to that place in their life.
So let's go in the exam room
and have a closer look.
Sharon has one of the more
significant problems
that I've seen in a long while.
If there was ever a case
that needed our attention,
this is the one.
- This is it.
- Everything will be fine.
- Just relax.
- Can't tell someone that's
having surgery to relax.
- I was doing a fill for her.
- Yeah.
- You know what we call
injecting saline into a port?
We call that
the practice of medicine.
Okay, that's interesting.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- Okay, stand up.
Did you show it to her yet?
- No.
- Okay.
- So we'll show you.
It's not shocking.
But it's different.
So here it is.
Okay, now you can see why...
- Yeah.
- She couldn't wear
a bridesmaid dress.
- Actually seeing
what she was going through,
It almost felt like somebody
kicked me in my throat.
Like, "Kugh!"
Yeah.
- I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry that you had
to go through this.
- Obviously, we know that.
Sitting here listening to this,
you see this.
It's surreal.
And now luckily
you're in this guy's hands.
It's so heartbreaking
to be hindered
with a problem like this.
But I have the utmost hope
that if anyone
can help Sharon move on
and live the life
that she wants to
and deserves,
it's my good friend here,
Terry Dubrow.
- The buttock is completely
normal in the lower portions.
But, as you can feel,
this is clearly fatty tissue.
I've never seen this.
I don't think any
plastic surgeon on earth
has ever seen this.
To fix this, we've got to make
incisions all over it
and start removing,
lifting, tucking.
This is a nip/tuck
like no other.
Sharon's condition
is so unique,
that I've never even heard
of anyone performing
this type of surgery before.
That makes it very scary,
but at the same time,
very cool.
If you're up for it,
I'm up for it.
- I'm up for it.
- You're a good friend.
Much better than you are.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
- Good morning.
- I'm here for my surgery
with Dr. Nassif.
- Perfect, I'll let them know
you're here.
Just have a seat
right in those chairs.
- Today my mom has come with me
for my surgery.
Because who doesn't
want their mom after surgery?
Let's be serious.
- This is it.
- I'm gonna throw up.
- Everything will be fine,
just relax.
- Can't tell someone that's
having surgery to relax.
- Just think of it as,
you're gonna be able
to eat again,
gonna be able
to open your mouth again.
- Hopefully.
I just don't want
to get my hopes up,
because every time I've went
into surgery so far,
I always had a picture
of a different outcome,
and every time I came
off of anesthesia,
it was basically no difference.
And I'm just praying to God
it's not like this,
this time around.
- So let's talk about this.
When I saw you last time,
I was talking
about different things.
I'm thinking, before I put
a gigantic scar on your face,
I'd rather see if I can use
the tissue inside your mouth.
- Okay.
- If I get in there
and I feel like I can't do it,
then we'll just go for it.
- Okay, I'm just really clammy.
- You know what,
it is okay to be nervous.
My plan for Karissa's surgery
is first to remove
a triangle-shaped flap,
then I'll make an incision
separating the upper
and lower lip,
which will allow me
to extend the mucosa,
the muscle, and the skin.
Once I join them together,
it will hopefully leave Karissa
with a wider
and more even mouth.
We're trying to create what we
call a buccal mucosal flap
so that we can reconstruct
the lower lip.
The buccal mucosa
is the wet tissue
inside the mouth.
This is buccal mucosa, here.
We're lifting up
the vermilion mucosa,
and we're separating it
from the orbicularis muscle.
I have to use light tissue
for light tissue,
so I'm gonna use
inside mouth skin
to re-create the outer edge
of her lip.
We're creating
a new edge of her lip
which she's never had before.
This is called the commissure.
Now gonna take this muscle,
stitch it to here.
Dawn's gonna take that muscle
and stitch it over there,
so that will make
the new commissure.
Hold on, if we stitch
the muscle to the skin,
why do we want the muscle?
- Because that's the anchor
of the whole thing.
- What is that gonna do
negatively?
- It's going to give her
a little bit of a grimace,
like this.
It's basically like
a very gentle swing.
- Let's see here;
let's take a look.
Having Dr. Yu
and Dr. Irvine here
here to bounce ideas off
is like having
the '92 Dream Team
in the operating room with me.
You know, Michael Jordan,
maybe he's the king,
but he still needed
Scottie Pippen
and Magic Johnson
to win the gold.
This is just adding
extra support.
Now, the thing is,
Karissa is gonna look
a little bit like the Joker,
but the sutures should dissolve
in about four to six weeks.
To help keep Karissa's
corner of her mouth elevated,
we're gonna use
a percutaneous cable suture.
That means I'm taking a stitch,
stitching it down
to the temporalis fascia,
passing it under the skin,
attaching it
to the corner of the mouth,
and then tying it--
in essence, lifting it up.
All right, well, the mouth
is already looking wider.
And this is the final stage.
Oh, yeah, that's so much better.
I'm cautiously optimistic
that I've improved
Karissa's mouth.
However, we're not
out of the woods yet.
She can actually contract down,
get scar tissue.
Any number of things
can happen.
So I just want to see
how it goes.
I just don't want to be
too excited yet.
Great job.
- Because I've never done
this procedure before
and no one ever has,
the body really is guiding us.
- It looks so much worse
in person.
- The photo doesn't
do it justice.
See if you get them to--yeah.
So you can get them to move.
- Oh, yeah, I've got
really good...
- Yeah.
- She's great at parties.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- Hi, I'm Sharon,
I have to check in for surgery.
- Hi, go ahead and sign in,
and we'll get you taken
right back.
- It's very exciting
to know that this is the end
of living with this deformity.
- So what's gonna be the first
outfit you're gonna wear?
- Whatever you make for me,
I'll wear it.
- Oh, I feel so special.
- You are.
- Just a little bit.
- I'm a designer,
and once she's all healed up,
I just want to make her
something that's just gonna pop.
- Sharon.
- Hello.
- Good.
- A little bit.
- Just a little.
- That's pretty good,
because I'm really nervous.
I'm just kidding.
What I find a little bit scary
is that, because you had
the spinal situation at birth,
do you still have
spinal cord elements
at the bottom of this?
Obviously, when I go in there
to do what I planned,
I'm gonna be very cognizant
of the fact
that I could run into tissue
that isn't normally
in that area.
Even though I've done
a ton of butt surgeries,
I've never really done
anything like this.
This is going to be different
and really special, I hope.
We're gonna take these down.
In addition, I think
we should lipo some of this.
- Yeah.
- So de-bulk, remove,
lift, tuck.
Do you have any questions
for us?
- No.
- You're just so calm.
- I've had to be stoic
in my life to protect myself.
And I'm just ready
for a change.
- Sharon's surgery
is unlike anything
I've ever done before.
I will begin by liposuctioning
her lower back
and upper buttock.
Then, I'll make an incision
around the base
of the protruding mounds
and remove the excess tissue.
Finally, I will do
a butt tuck and lift,
where I'll trim
the lower portion of her back
into the upper portion
of her buttock,
hopefully giving Sharon
a natural-looking contour.
- It looks so much worse
in person.
The picture
doesn't do it justice.
- Right, the photo
Okay, so first we're gonna do
some liposuction.
So I'm liposuctioning
the surrounding tissue,
sort of creating a nice frame
around the hopefully
nicely reconstructed buttock.
Look at all that fat.
As I had hoped,
there were no
spinal cord elements
in the excess tissue
in Sharon's back area.
Okay, so now we're
making an incision.
So we're gonna take
the top of this mound off.
- Her body is telling you
what to do.
- Her body really is
guiding us.
There's sort of a plane
defined by scar tissue
that has tethered
this area down.
Just out of curiosity,
let's just staple that together
and see what that looks like.
Because I've never done
this procedure before
and no one ever has,
we're gonna do this
in conservative steps.
We have tucked in
the upper part
into the lower part
of the back.
That's kind of giving her
a buttock lift.
Come on, that's pretty cool.
- Yeah, because
it contours here.
- Yeah, maybe
we should do that.
Should we do
the other side first?
There's no blueprint
for Sharon's surgery.
By following my gut
and removing
what seems appropriate,
I think I can visualize
the final result.
Now we're just making
minor ass-justments.
Get it?
- Looks amazing;
let's hope it heals.
- Yeah.
All right, we have a patient
named Allegra
who has had
three breast surgeries
and is having problems
with them.
Let me show you.
Hello!
- Those are bigger
than basketballs.
No wonder her skin
is about to die--Jesus.
So why don't you
bring in Allegra?
- Can you please
send in Allegra?
Allegra, hi, Dr. Nassif.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Hi, Allegra, Terry Dubrow.
- Nice to meet you.
- I think Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow,
even though they're
in the profession
and they probably see
hundreds and thousands
of boobs every year,
I doubt they see
many like hers.
You know, I'm married to her,
and I wake up to her
some mornings, and I'm like,
whoa, those are nice.
- I know this may be
a little unexpected,
but we have a gift
for you guys,
a little bit of art.
- Are you guys okay
if we...
- Absolutely.
- Of course.
- She's an artist.
- Oh, my god.
- Whoa.
- So there's the asymmetry.
- There it is.
- Absolutely.
- That is craziness.
- Stand up for a moment, please.
Okay, there we go.
- You wear them well.
- Wait, hold on.
- Is it weird that I think
my wife's breasts
look good on Dr. Dubrow?
Feel how heavy
just the cast is.
So, I mean,
it begs the question,
how many cc
does this represent?
- 4,600 cc.
- Per breast.
- Wow.
- This is actually
a fantastic gift.
I've always wanted
a Golden Globe,
and now I have two of them.
How many breast surgeries
have you had?
- Three.
- And how many cc
was the original on?
- 800 cc.
- You went right to full size.
- Oh, yeah.
- And did you have
any problems with it?
- None.
- What made you want
to go bigger?
- I just wanted more.
- So you went in
to another doctor.
- I did, I said, ultimately,
I'd love to have 2,000 cc.
And he said, "The most I think
I can do is 1,700."
- We have a term for doctors
who put more than twice
the recommended volume
in a breast implant pocket.
They are called insane.
And what made you decide
to do this?
- I'm an envelope-pusher.
I love the way it looked,
yes, extreme.
It just wasn't enough for me.
I found a doctor
who did expanders.
- Oh.
And so they put a 2,000-ish cc
tissue expander in,
and then serially
injected saline.
- How many times did it take you
to get up to this size, 4,600?
- We've probably done,
like, five or six.
I was doing a fill for her--
- Yeah, I do it.
- Yeah.
- They give you needles
and syringes
and say, hey, can you do it?
- Son of a doctor.
I'm not really concerned.
He's been--I feel comfortable
that he knows.
I trust him.
- Just because
you're the son of a doctor
doesn't actually
make you a doctor.
Usually you have to go
to, you know, medical school
before you can
call yourself a doctor.
- I'm not ridiculous,
in that I can't see
that I need to be careful.
- By the way, the careful ship
sailed 4,000 cc ago.
That ship is on the other side
of the world right now.
- Careful on the crazy ship,
how about that?
- I'm not making calls
about crazy.
I'm just saying
careful and risks.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- Okay, but you're in to see us,
and you have a problem, right?
- I do.
- The issue for me is symmetry.
I just absolutely
adore the size,
But I would love them
to be more symmetrical.
- I think it has to be
the most important point,
is similar tissues.
- It's exactly right.
So why don't we have a look?
- Great, love it.
- It's like a face lift
to the butt.
- Oh, my gosh.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- So let's have a look
at the situation.
Okay, hello.
So this is very firm.
This is much firmer
and much higher.
- It is.
- And here's the port,
right here.
So this is where you inject
on both sides, right?
So do me a favor.
Put your hands on your hips
and push.
See if you can get them
to--yeah.
So you can get them to move
by flexing.
- Oh, yeah, I've got
really good--
- She's great at parties.
- I'm a great party trick, yeah.
- It's important that I see how
mobile Allegra's breasts are,
because the less mobile
they are,
the more difficulty
we may encounter
when we get inside
and try to manipulate
that scar tissue.
You do have obvious signs
that the skin has been
stretched to the maximum.
So when you see blood vessels
that are dilated like this,
it indicates that, you know,
they need help.
If this is the limit,
you're here.
You've gone way over the limit.
- I was just looking
at these, like...
- Yeah, this is
the normal size breast implant.
Your breast implants poop
bigger than this, you know?
- Right, I'm sure.
- Oh, god.
Seriously, Terry, poop?
Poop, really?
- So this one is encapsulated.
Encapsulation means scar tissue
has grown around it
to protect everything.
So the operation
to improve symmetry
is to go in
and cut scar tissue.
The problem is,
if you take tissue
that's under great tension,
that's having problems
getting blood flow in,
blood flow out,
and you make cuts in it,
you're cutting blood supply,
you're thinning out the tissue,
and you're exposing it
to very significant trauma.
I would bet you,
if you did that,
that, first of all,
you'd have problems
getting this incision to heal.
Do you know what's directly
underneath that open tissue?
The implant.
Once the implant is exposed,
game over, baby.
Done-zo, over,
bye-bye big breasts forever.
- The worst-case scenario for me
would be losing my boobs,
and I love my boobs.
So living with asymmetry now,
all things considered,
I'm happy to live with it.
- We don't want to do that.
- Especially right now,
because right now,
your tissue is doing decent.
- Tissue's alive.
- Okay.
- Take the syringes
and throw them away.
- Okay.
- Yeah, definitely.
- You're the man.
- I kind of had a feeling
you would say that anyway,
and I was like, yeah,
I'm ready for it.
- It was a pleasure
meeting you.
- Thank you very much.
- Pleasure meeting you.
- Thank you.
- Allegra and her husband
are really playing
with fire here.
They have to stop doing
any more breast surgery,
or they just may end up
burning the whole house down.
- We're good.
We've kind of poked the bear
enough now.
- So the crazy train
has to come to a stop
and turn around,
or just go another direction?
- We're just taking crazy
in a whole different direction.
- Yeah.
- Hello, young ladies.
- Hello, hello.
- Good.
You were able to walk okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- It's more of a...
- Discomfort more
than actual pain, mm-hmm.
- Let me see
what it looks like now.
By the end, it was starting
to look really good.
- I have no idea what to expect,
but I know, whatever it is,
it's gonna be awesome.
- Oh, my gosh.
Sharon.
That is awesome.
- These extra rolls,
remember those?
I removed them.
- So when you removed them,
it means you pulled them...
- I lifted up the back part,
pulled it down,
and cut it off.
And then I took this part,
pulled it up,
cut off the two mounds.
- Just by lifting it up,
you got rid of it?
- It's like a face lift
to the butt.
- I'm really impressed
with Terry on this one.
This is a fantastic result.
- That is gorgeous.
- Yes.
- Okay, that's your before.
That's your after.
- Wow.
That is amazing.
I'm in complete shock
right now.
This turned out better
than I even expected.
I didn't think it was me.
- So cautiously optimistic
right now.
Your only job is to heal,
take it easy.
Don't bend forward
like this, okay?
It's very important that Sharon
follow the post-operative
instructions very carefully.
This is a wound
under great tension.
Everything could fall apart
really easily.
- I don't know what to say.
- I wasn't expecting it
to be that.
- I can walk out like this.
- Today marks the end
of a very long journey.
Living with a growth
on my backside was traumatic.
I can't even really put
into words how I feel now,
not having to worry
about my backside.
I'm still getting used
to the idea.
Sometimes I look,
and I have to look again
to make sure
that it belongs to me.
- I've been waiting for this,
because this has been
a long, long road for her,
because she's always been
like a tomboy.
It was certain things
that I know she wouldn't wear
on account of her butt.
- I'm so excited to see Sharon
in an outfit
that I made for her.
I know she's just gonna show off
her whole body now,
especially the end.
- So you think now she can
find her a man, girl?
They see that back,
they're gonna say,
"Ooh, hey, mama.
Sexy mama."
- Hi, guys.
- Oh, my god!
- Look at you!
Wow!
She's glowing.
She's happy.
All I know is,
she's got that tush.
So beautiful, gorgeous.
You are so complete now.
- I feel like a new person.
- No more wearing
the long t
- Oh, no, no.
Sharon is officially
out of hiding.
Before my surgery,
I was living with the results
of having spina bifida.
It left me with
a totally misshapen backside.
Now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
when I look in the mirror,
I see the perfect backside
that I've always wanted.
- So now are you gonna be
her top model?
- Of course.
- I got to relearn my body,
learn how to dress it now,
and find Mr. Phillips.
- So now you think
that I might can get
a nice grown man
in the family now?
- I mean, hey,
sounds good to me.
I'll take all that.
Hiding my flaws
became so important,
that I was never able
to be fully myself,
making intimate relationships
nearly impossible.
I'm ready to show the world
the real me.
- I don't know
if I'm ready for thongs yet.
Maybe next year.
- This is...
The end.
- Whoo!
- It's been about
a year and a half
since I actually got dressed up
and gone out with the girls
for girls' night,
but now I'm gonna be there.
Hey, ladies.
- Karissa, you look beautiful.
- ♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- Hello.
- Nice to see you again.
- Pleasure to see you.
When I woke up and I realized
that I could open my mouth
fully, I was so shocked.
It's such a big difference
already,
and it's only gonna get better
from here.
- So remember,
the scar is over here.
- Yeah.
- And the end of it
was right about there.
How do you feel?
- I feel good.
Just a little uncomfortable
in this area.
- So it's called
a percutaneous sling,
where we put a stitch
in the corner of the mouth,
and then took that suture,
and then we stitched it
deep inside the tissue
here in your scalp,
so it kind of yanked it
out and up.
In about 30 days,
it should dissolve.
- Wouldn't my face drop,
you think, because of that?
- Well, things hopefully
are gonna kind of stay
at that level.
- Gotcha.
- Right now,
you got to be careful
with everything;
we just repaired it.
Don't want a lot of movement
with your mouth.
- It's only day one,
and I feel like
I'm on top of the world.
And it's eventually gonna be
the perfect vision
of what I want to look like
for the rest of my life.
I want to hug you.
- Just don't hurt your mouth.
- I won't, thank you so much.
The last year and a half
has literally been
like a roller coaster.
You go from up to down,
just up, down.
And now that I'm finally
at the top,
I don't want to drop anywhere.
I just want to keep going up.
- I hope she looks good.
I'm excited to see her.
Maybe she'll go to Hoboken
with me now.
- Yeah, that's true.
She never wanted to leave.
- Get her out of the house
a little bit.
- It's been about
a year and a half
since I actually got dressed up
and gone out with the girls
for girls' night.
Whenever I went out,
it was all negative.
It was just like, "Oh, no,
what's wrong with her face?
What happened to her?"
But now I'm gonna look good,
and I'm gonna do this.
Hey, ladies.
- You look amazing!
- You look so good.
- Beautiful.
- You're looking good.
- Thank you.
- I love your outfit.
How are you guys?
- I'm all right.
- You look so good.
- Thanks, I feel good,
I look good.
I feel really good, actually.
- You look really good.
After a few unsuccessful
reconstruction attempts,
I lost all hope that I would
ever be able to eat,
feel, or look normal
ever again.
But now,
thanks to Dr. Nassif,
I can open my mouth more,
and when I look in the mirror,
I see my old self.
I look better, I feel better.
- You can tell.
- And I have more of a mouth.
So if you're staring at me,
it's because I look good.
It's not just like,
"Damn, what happened to you?"
When I was younger,
I was always life of the party,
and then when this happened,
I shy away from everything.
I came so far from what I was,
that I never thought
I would be anywhere close
to back to my old self.
But now I wake up
and I look in the mirror.
I'm like, wow,
I actually look better.
And that's an amazing feeling.
I can't thank Dr. Nassif enough
or Dubrow enough,
because I never thought
I'd be where I am now.
I would like to make a toast,
ladies, to myself, of course,
and for the next chapter
of my life.
- Yes.
- Cheers.
- Cheers!
- Do you want a bite
of my burger now?
- Girl, I just had lip surgery.
I got makeup on, I look good.
But no, I will take
a fry, though.
- I actually recognize you.
- World-famous
drag superstar Detox.
- I would remove these.
- I don't need
your little bitch ass
telling me to go fix it.
- I had a little friend
come over who's gonna help us.
- Okay.
- The leech lady.
- The last thing
she probably thinks about
is having a leech on her face.
Sorry.
- The nipple was black
and crusting over.
- You got screwed.